Thursday, 04-10-2018, 05:47
Mohammad Abouchama 'Hamade'

Summary
    Similar to stack overflow.

    Contains functionality related to:
        Questions and answers
        Custom authentication and registration
        Extended user profile
        Comments
        Voting system
        Notifications

    Anonymous users, or users without an account/profile, can browse questions
    and answers. As well as see the replies or comments, and the number of votes
    each question or answer gets.

    However, to post questions, answers, comments, and vote the user must have an
    account.

    Unlike stack overflow the ranking does not determine the privileges or
    abilities of the user. Any registered user can vote, comment, ask, or answer.

    Registered users can also choose which question or answer is their favorite.
    They can add each question or answer to their profile's list of favorite
    questions, or answers. The two are separate.

    Comments or replies can be posted on questions or answers. These can be used
    for clarifications or the share of some simple insight or opinions that
    cannot be qualified as answers nor questions.

    Registered users can either up-vote or down-vote a question or an answer.
    The app will display the difference between the votes. A positive number
    means more up-votes than down-votes, and a negative number means the
    opposite.

    Users must provide an email address, a user name, as well as a valid password,
    to sign up. If all is well they will be sent an email to their email address.
    This email is a confirmation email that gives the user url to follow to
    confirm their account. Once they follow the url they will be redirected to the
    questions_list page.

    The extended user profile stores the user name, email address, and the
    optional first name, last name, and profile picture.
    The user account also has a preferences page, where lists of links to the
    user's favorite questions, favorite answers, posted answers, posted questions,
    voted answers, voted questions, and comments.

    The user's account will also be linked to the notifications page.
    Whenever a user's own question or answer gets replied to, voted, answered, or
    selected, a message pops up in the user's notifications informing him/her of
    such an action.

    The main page of this app or site is the questions page. This is where a
    list of questions, ordered by the most recent date published, is displayed to
    the users. The users can click on a question to see it in detail.
    To post answers, comments, and votes, the user must visit the detail page of a
    question.

Data
    # User's
    User
        user name
        password
        email address
    Profile
        first name
        last name
        profile picture
        bio - A few words about oneself
        list of favorite questions
        list of favorite answers
        list of own answers
        list of own questions
        list of own comments
        list of voted questions
        list of voted answers

    Questions
        Title
        Description
        Date and time posted
        Author
    Answers
        Content
        Date and time posted
        Author
    Comments
        Content
        Date and time posted
        Author

    Notification - To be implemented later

    Data relations
        A question has 0 or more answers
        An answer has 1 question only, no less and no more
        A comment is for 1 question or answer only, no less and no more
        A question or an answer has 0 or more comments/replies
        A user has exactly 1 profile.
        A profile has 0 or more questions/answers listed as favorite
        A profile has 0 or more own questions/answers/comments
        A profile has 0 or more voted questions/answers

    Functionality
        Browse Questions
        View Question
            Browse Answers to Question
            View Comments to Question
            View Comments to Answers
            View Votes
        Edit User Profile
            Change email address
            Change username
            Change profile picture
            Change bio
        Reset password
